New initiative for Key Vault guardrails and Corp Networking (#1213)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/ALZ-Policies.md

| **Deny network interfaces having a public IP associated**          | **Network interfaces should not have public IPs**          | `Policy Definition`, **Built-in**     | This policy denies network interfaces from having a public IP associated to it under the assigned scope.                                                                                                                                          | Deny              | 1.0.0   |
| **Deny the deployment of vWAN/ER/VPN gateway resources**          | **Not allowed resource types**          | `Policy Definition`, **Built-in**     | Denies deployment of vWAN/ER/VPN gateway resources in the Corp landing zone.                                                                                                                                          | Deny              | 1.0.0   |

> | **Audit Private DNS Zone resources**          | **Not allowed resource types**          | `Policy Definition`, **Built-in**     | Audits the deployment of Private DNS Zone resources in the Corp landing zone.                                                                                                                                         | Audit              | 1.0.0   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Audit Private Link Private DNS Zone resources**          | **Audit the creation of Private Link Private DNS Zones**          | `Policy Definition`, **Custom**     | Audits the deployment of Private Link Private DNS Zone resources in the Corp landing zone.                                                                                                                                         | Audit              | 1.0.0   |
```

Author: Oh darn... well spotted.
